
2Pac
Now of course I want peace on the streets but realistically painting perfect
pictures ain't never work my misery was so deep couldn't sleep through all my
pressures and my quest for cash I learned fast using violent measures memories
of adolescent years there was unity but after puberty we brought war to our
community so many bodies dropping it's got to stop I want to help but still I'm
stepping keeping my weapon must protect myself the promise of a better tomorrow
ain't never reach me plus my teachers were to petrified in class to teach me
sipping thunderbird and grape koolaid calling earl since my stomach was empty
it seduced me to fuck the world watch my little homies lose there childhoods to
guns nobody cries no more cause we all die for fun so why you ask me if I want
peace if you can't grant it niggas fighting across the whole planet so we can
never be peace will there ever be peace or are we all just headed for doom
still consumed by the peace and I'll know there'll never be peace that's why I
keep my pistol when I walk the streets cause there can never be peace
Marvelouz
No time to rest they stressed out I can't remember the days my homies was here
now a days we live in fear the struggle's still here so now who's grabbing
their strap who's getting buck wild representing the generation of killers when
I was a child had many dreams but reality kept me and my homies stressing
trying to raise my baby girl to be the strongest know when I'm doing wrongest I
never had a bright day just drunkless smoking blunts and getting faded wishing
my partner made it if it was peace or just reciepts I know there will never be
all my tears were shed when I lost my homie number 3 it's getting harder to see
impossibility should we just face it can't get through the pain but still I
can't erase it so many trials and tribulations the things we facing wicked ways
can't see no brighter days it's time to chase it cross dreams cause the scene
is when you never get by that's why  I got to stay high you'll never know when
you'll die my heart will never leave the ghetto I know to rise only in peace
that's why I say there ain't never going to be no peace and you know this and
be stressful
2Pac
So I'm asking will there ever be peace or are we all just headed for doom still
consumed by the peace and I'll know there'll never be peace that's why I keep
my pistol when I walk down the streets fool there'll never be peace
Storm
Living life lonely but I can't even cry cause visions of deception all around
me got my eyes full of despise who can I trust why even try they say the world
is mine but I know that's a lie living to die set up from birth steady dreaming
wishing for better days but all I see is demons close my eyes and reminiscence
of my childhood all I felt was pain from my arrival no memories of nothing nice
nothing but blinded reminders of my future life I'm freaking out I'm getting
closer to that other level will I be strong  with game or just the heartless
devil I hope I'm able to find peace in me cause there's a Storm 64 inches deep
in me and I try  to do the right but it's the wrong things that seems to bring
me right back to this dirty game there'll never be peace fuck peace
2Pac
Will there ever be peace or are we all just headed for doom still consumed by
the peace and I'll know there'll never be peace that's why I keep my pistol
when I walk the streets fool there'll never be peace will there ever be peace
or are we all just headed for doom still consumed by the peace and I'll know
there'll never be peace that's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets
nigga there'll never be peace will there ever be peace or all we all just
headed for doom still consumed by the peace and I'll know there'll never be
peace that's why I keep my pistol when I walk the streets nigga there'll never
be peace will there ever be peace shit fuck peace on the strength till my
niggas get a piece we can't have peace how the fuck we gonna live happy when we
ain't got nothing tear drops and closed caskets muthafuckas are smiling but
don't mean much why cause I got to be a thug see drugs done turned this whole
motherfucking hood out all us niggas acting up wild ass motherfucking
adolescents these niggas ain't even got no childhoods no more how the fuck can
you have a childhood when you at the funeral every motherfucking weekend you
muthafuckas are talking about peace nigga it ain't no motherfucking peace you
ain't seen the news muthafucka you ain't heard little babies getting smoked
muthafuckas killing their whole family little kids getting thrown off buildings
muthafuckas getting abused peace niggas you out your motherfucking mind fuck
peace we can't never have peace until you muthafuckas clean up this mess you
made deathrow until you clean up the fucking dirt you dropped till we get a
piece fuck peace westside deathrow outlaw imortalz thug life baby you know to
do this shit that was Storm Marvelouz and Pac will there ever be peace or are
we all headed for doom still consumed by the peace and I'll know there'll never
be peace that's why I keep my pistol when I walk down the streets cause
there'll never be peace.

